Session 1:
Go to call of heroes

Town Hall
 Fire Mephits intrude. Fire happens. We kill Mephits and put out fires. Calmont was seen starting fires in the Town Hall. Greta Gardenia is a councilwoman who thanks us. She runs Call of Heroes. Warble of the Bramblebrashers was about to speak. Calmont was heading to Hellknight Hill (Home of the Bramblebrashers. 10G to meet with Bramblebrashers. 10GPs to bring Calmont back alive. Calmont was a store-hand at the Reliant Book Company.

Loot:
1 GP each
1 lesser antiplague
1 lesser antitoxin
2 lesser minor healing potions

Warble:
Helba is lead pf Bramblebrashers. Have not been attending meetings with Warble. Smoke signals seen ( A sign for help ).
Reliant Book Co.
We convince the guards to get inside.
 Fable: Niche books for academics. Vox Lirayne owns with Calmont as her apprentice.

Roleplaying: Tyler is free as of two years from Ravounel. Gus and Asamer came on caravan. Fable is from Breachill.

Guard: Vox has been on leave for a week according to the neighbour on the right.

Calmont’s Journal: Illegible… He states he was not well treated.

Hal finds out fire mephits can be summoned.

Shelly’s Abode:
Neighbor of Vox.
Shelly: Vox on vacation for a week. Received coin from Vox to watch over Bookstore. Calmont and Vox had unstable relationship. Calmont complained of Vox ordering him around. Spoke directly to Vox regarding vacation. Calmont seemed unstable.

Wizard’s Grace
I earn 7 SP eating garbage and I find some nice boar fats and meats that I smoke and mix with salt and citric acid and jar with flour, water, carrot root, onion stem, celery nub, black pepper, rosemary stems, and potato peels. 4 x jars. I also find some old malt that I mix with my jar of wild yeast, sugar, and some of the rosemary stems to re-extract and barrel into beer.

1 SP for boar stew. 

Fable attempts to steal from Trini (Councilmember). Gets caught by Trini and he notices she saved people from the fire and lets it slide. Gets 1 GP and 4SP (She shares 1 SP per person)

Hal sneaks in to the storage room and finds Trini as he’s leaving after trying to leave money. Trini knows that Hal is bleaching ( Aging quickly ).

Asamer eats stew.

Gus tries to corral everyone into pulling an all-nighter. Does so and gets infor for us to go to Quarters and Bits.

Next Day:
Quarters and Bits:
1 x manacles
1 x Climbing Kit
2 x Minor Healing Potions

Store. Halfling asking if we need to buy anything for the exorbitant price of 4 GP per potion


 En Route to Hellknight Hill
2.5 miles North of Breachill.

Hellknight Hill Exterior
Doors ajar to Hellknight Hill. Not surprising since it is abandoned except by the Bramblebashers.

Need to go inside to go to top of citadel. We climb the brambles surrounding Hellknight Hill to get up into the citadel.

Met  Hell Knight from Order of the First Nail. Armiger Alak Stagram was injured by Imps in the Citadel. Order of the First Nail typically worships Asmodeus. I healed him and he heads back to breachill.

Session 2:

Hellknight Hill Interior

We enter the citadel and find a room with training dummies. We see a storage room through a crack that only an imp can go through. We enter the room to the left and there is a pentagram with the 3 imps that Armiger slayed.

We go back through the training room and search another room that contains a spider swarm and the following loot:
	2 x antidote ingredients
	2 x arsenic

We defeat 1 Imp, and one runs away and turns into a rat. Fable gives me spider corpses because she is intrigued by my trash diet. It probably reminds her of Marty.

We leave and find a room with mold which I eat and goes airborne when other people enter the room. We find in the room:
1 x Silver Dagger
5 x Questionable rations

We bump into the training dummies and they leak silver pieces. We find:
25 x Silver Pieces

We continue through the Imp room and happen upon a courtyard. There is a halfling clutching a Goblin. It is Calmont.

We enter the courtyard. we try and negotiate with him over the gurgling mosnter in the pond in the courtyard. Calmont flees to the battlements above the courtyard.

Fable tries to persuade him since she knows him from around town. He calls us do-gooders.

Hal tries to persuade him. He says there is an Elf gate under this building and he needs to know how to get there from the Goblins. He lets go of the Goblin and we enter combat!
